welcome to the coal collective for the
castell vo from Borneo
busy issue depart for me oh we need to
remember is to pick up the SS 38 finds
er all over the town for the star view
as a busy climb so we expect to see a
lot of cyclists you wear for the traffic
road a cyclist as well make sure you
share the road
21 and a half kilometers an average of
just over 7% stay from the word go
you are up to over 7% now so no warm-up
today tell vo bikes right from the gun
couple of kilometers just over 1,400
meters with this early part in the
forest it's not particularly dense
there's not a lot of shelter today the
wind's funneling down the mountain a bit
of a headwind so put a watch out pay
attention for that but in the distance
can already see the barren landscape
you gotta stop your head so see exactly
where you're climbing
nice things is really met with a lot of
amazing scenery right from the word go
so you know despite the the pain that
you might be in from a what a vicious
gradient we always draw a bit of
inspirations from the mountains ahead to
the left and behind you
not to actually really get the sheer
magnitude of the mountain it's only when
you stop for a few minutes and we're
just peer over into this ravine or about
five caves up and the rock face is just
like sheer straight down into the valley
below and when you get the perspective
is you know we're insignificant it's
mountains just owns us
emerging 10k a series of tunnels the
gradient still double figures such a 14%
lesser
marker we've just gone past she come out
the last tunnel you just see the road
zigzagging its way almost up to heaven
going to climb up to 2758 meters now
just above 2,000 meters getting bit
chilly up here got about 750 meters to
go to the top
we've still got 24 pens so sort of puts
it in perspective how many switchbacks
we've got to go
eight kilometers to the summit the
gradients barely drop below 10% all the
way to real Stern test
these kilometers to the summit we almost
got this slight plateau I say a plateau
it feels like that maybe it's because
the gradients been so hard up to this
point down to 6% of the moment the whole
area here it's just a vast expanse you
see the rose and sneaking off into the
distance it doesn't look like you're
climbing that much elevation now so good
chance to take on some some food taking
some bring try and recover for the final
push to the summit
making progress a little bit slower than
we'd hoped for Kay's to go you probably
hear this solid headwind so just about
see the summit in the distance where
those buildings are so it's completely
open no shelter this is a good day
it's quite spooky some of the buildings
back there look almost derelict it's at
that point you could take a left-hander
and actually cross over into Switzerland
for the Umbriel pass
no denying the stereos of beauty at the
same time is an utter beast still
climbing a kilometer to go ten percent
it's just no less up we know are nearly
there so keep your head down and go go
go